feat: don't force db connect if using serverless (#3781)
TobikoData/sqlmesh: docs/integrations/engines/databricks.md

The SQL Connector is bundled with SQLMesh and automatically installed when you include the `databricks` extra in the command `pip install "sqlmesh[databricks]"`.

The SQL Connector has all the functionality needed for SQLMesh to execute SQL models on Databricks and Python models that do not return PySpark DataFrames.

> If you have Python models returning PySpark DataFrames, checkout the [Databricks Connect](#databricks-connect-1) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have Python models returning PySpark DataFrames, check out the [Databricks Connect](#databricks-connect-1) section.
```

SQLMesh **DOES NOT** include/bundle the Databricks Connect library. You must [install the version of Databricks Connect](https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/databricks-connect/python/install.html) that matches the Databricks Runtime used in your Databricks cluster.

If SQLMesh detects that you have Databricks Connect installed, then it will automatically configure the connection and use it for all Python models that return a Pandas or PySpark DataFrame.

> To have databricks-connect installed but ignored by SQLMesh, set `disable_databricks_connect` to `true` in the connection configuration.

Reviewer: When/why would someone want to have it installed but ignored? 

Just needing installed in the env for a non-sqlmesh reason, or people would switch back and forth between using it in sqlmesh and not?

Author: > Just needing installed in the env for a non-sqlmesh reason

Yeah this is what I am thinking of. They use a single python environment for their work and therefore they don't want to uninstall it just so SQLMesh behaves as they expect.
